README.md, before:

# ldjam50
Repo for ldjam50 game

TODO day 2

Shop
- Make cannon shop come up after waves [x]
- Cannon-part bin [x]
- make cannon shop have random stuff [x]
- pick one from cannon shop a day? buy it? []
- Have description of part-effects []
- Make shop look like blueprint []

Cannon
- make cannon and projectile have diferent effects [x]
	- Splitter [x]
	- Damage [x]
	- Speed [x]
	- Explosive []
	- Projectile Speed [x]
	- Enemy Slow []
	- Synergy-stuff []
	- Random values of the above (?) []
	- Cooldown! []

- Animation [x]
- Line Drawer []

Enemies
- Make enemies turn slowly to straighten up [x]
- Make ragdoll-impact do damage again for a bit. []
- Add fast enemy []
- Add damage animation (colour-flash) [x]
- Add walking animation [x]

Random
- Clean up projectiles [x]

Audio
- SFX shooting [x]
- SFX Buying []
- SFX Installing part []
- SFX Bin [x]
- SFX Hit [x]
- SFX Explosion []

Splash screen
- Logo and stuff

## Notes
### Colors:
https://lospec.com/palette-list/aerugo

## Could be useful:

Commit message:

Updated README with post-jam tasks

README.md, after:

# ldjam50
Repo for ldjam50 game

TODO day 2

Shop
- Make cannon shop come up after waves [x]
- Cannon-part bin [x]
- make cannon shop have random stuff [x]
- pick one from cannon shop a day? buy it? []
- Have description of part-effects [x]
- Make shop look like blueprint []

Cannon
- make cannon and projectile have diferent effects [x]
	- Splitter [x]
	- Damage [x]
	- Speed [x]
	- Explosive [x]
	- Projectile Speed [x]
	- Enemy Slow []
	- Synergy-stuff []
	- Random values of the above (?) []
	- Cooldown! [x]

- Animation [x]
- Line Drawer []

Enemies
- Make enemies turn slowly to straighten up [x]
- Make ragdoll-impact do damage again for a bit. []
- Add fast enemy []
- Add damage animation (colour-flash) [x]
- Add walking animation [x]

Random
- Clean up projectiles [x]

Audio
- SFX shooting [x]
- SFX Buying []
- SFX Installing part []
- SFX Bin [x]
- SFX Hit [x]
- SFX Explosion []

Splash screen
- Logo and stuff

(Optional) Post Jam TODO:
- Different waves with different strategies needed []
- Crewman slots []
- Crewmen with various synergy-effects []
- New enemy-types []
- New and more balanced cannon-parts and effects []
- Economy system of some sort []
- Risk reward system for not upgrading early []

## Notes
### Colors:
https://lospec.com/palette-list/aerugo

## Could be useful:
